good morning everyone I'm marina and
welcome to my kitchen
today we're going to be doing another
coffee house favorite and this is like
my honking caution Molly and I developed
this the other day and we were playing
around in the kitchen with some of our
Taurani syrups and we're gonna make an
orange creamsicle smoothie and boy is
this thing good it is exactly the same
flavor as if you took a couple of
criticals and rolled them up in your
blender and put a straw in it it's
really really delicious so this is what
we did I have my rocket blender cup I've
got a cup and a half of crushed ice so
that's what you start with a cup and a
half a crushed ice to that we're going
to add a half a cup of orange juice now
trust me on this a half a cup of milk
two ounces or two tablespoons of heavy
cream 2 tablespoons or 2 ounces that's a
jigger a shot glasses 2 ounces or 2
tablespoons if you guys didn't know that
this is the Taurani orange syrup and i
got this one on special last week and it
was 695 a bottle and we have 1
tablespoon or half a jigger or a short
shot of vanilla syrup and that's it
we're gonna blend this up and put your
blender base on your cup tighten it put
it in your blender
whoops and I'm always over filling it
you know that right about me okay oh we
got a new water heater in the water is
really hot now and that is it and that
is your orange creamsicle smoothie that
Molly and I played with and just made
the other day again I'm using Taurani
syrups and Taurani has not sent me
anything they have not compensated me in
any way they have not asked me to make
these videos I am doing them because I
love their product and everybody should
love their product if you go to the
coffee house this is exactly the same
syrup that you are going to find on the
bar behind the coffee bar this is the
stuff and they're very affordable and
you can go to their website and you can
order a billion different flavors and
well a whole bunch and you know you can
use these syrups for so many things I
mean I find myself reaching for them for
more than just drinks you can really
have them two desserts you can add them
as them as a flavoring agent in baked
goods you can use them in place or in
addition to extracts they're really
really nice but I wanted to share this
with you because this is really really
amazing and delicious it has the orange
juice in it for a little bit of Tang
this orange syrup is a little on the non
tangy side so what I could compare this
to is flat Orange Crush you know if you
want like an orange crush this would be
if you added this to some club soda you
would have a fabulous drink
in fact I'm going to share with you in
another video a way that I've found to
enjoy a carbonated beverage without
having to buy soda from the grocery
store that is filled with high fructose
corn syrup and other unhealthy
ingredients that or questionable
ingredients that we may not want to
purchase or have on a regular basis
I don't drink a lot of soda in fact I
hardly drink I would say less than for a
year but sometimes I really really want
one and it's because of the carbonation
so anyway this is my orange creamsicle
smoothie that Molly and I developed and
I hope that you give this a try I will
put a link below to where you can find
the Taurani don't worry about the
shipping the shipping is very very
affordable I usually buy three or four
bottles at a time and I pay like seven
dollars shipping but you know when you
think about these all come in glass
bottles they are not packaged in plastic
you can get the pump separately but I
think that overall Taurani is a really
excellent product and every month they
put two different flavors on special and
you can get them at a discounted price
so I hope that you try hahaha he's
showing you those are all the different
flavors that we have and we have a
couple others I put them away because
they're a little bit odd you put the
bacon I put the bacon one away you
already knew I had that because we tried
the bacon snow cone thing and that was
your idea
that was not fun that's what you get you
anyway I hope you tried this and I hope
you enjoy it I hope you love it I'm
gonna put the recipe on my website and
you can find that at Noreen's kitchen
comm and I always love it when you stop
by my kitchen whether it's early in the
morning or in the afternoon and until
next time I'll see ya
you